annot: Add vegetable oil onto a hot pan
ACTID: 0
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] vegetable oil (-1)
[PP, location, onto] a hot pan (-1)
annot: add ginger garlic paste
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] ginger garlic (-1)
[PP, food, ] (0)
annot: add onions to it, some chopped carrots and sausage
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] onions (-1)
[DOBJ, food] some chopped carrots (-1), sausage (-1)
[PP, food, to] it (1)
annot: cook for about 2 minutes until the carrots are tender
ACTID: 3
PRED: cook
[PP, other, for] about 2 minutes until the carrots are tender (-1)
[PP, food, ] (2)
annot: Break an egg into the pan,
ACTID: 4
PRED: break
[DOBJ, food] an egg (-1)
[PP, food, into] the pan (3)
annot: scramble it
ACTID: 5
PRED: scramble
[DOBJ, food] it (4)
annot: mix the egg with other ingredients
ACTID: 6
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] the egg (5)
[PP, food, with] other ingredients (5)
annot: Add the leeks
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the leeks (-1)
[PP, food, ] (6)
annot: cook for a minute
ACTID: 8
PRED: cook
[PP, other, for] a minute (-1)
[PP, food, ] (7)
annot: Add the diced chilli
ACTID: 9
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the diced chilli (-1)
[PP, food, ] (8)
annot: mix it with the vegetables
ACTID: 10
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] it (9)
[PP, food, with] the vegetables (9)
annot: Add the cooked rice into the pan
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the cooked rice (-1)
[PP, food, into] the pan (10)
annot: mix it
ACTID: 12
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] it (11)
annot: fry
ACTID: 13
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food, ] (12)
annot: Add 1 tsp of soya sauce, fish sauce, oyster sauce
ACTID: 14
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] 1 tsp of soya sauce (-1), fish sauce (-1), oyster sauce (-1)
[PP, food, ] (13)
annot: cook for about a minute
ACTID: 15
PRED: cook
[PP, other, for] about a minute (-1)
[PP, food, ] (14)
annot: Add the spring onions in the end
ACTID: 16
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the spring onions (-1)
[PP, other, in] the end (-1)
[PP, food, ] (15)
annot: serve it hot
ACTID: 17
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, food] it (16)